You did nothing to save anybody, you dont care, all you care about is drugs, and meth and porn and masturbating, you ruined your parents marriage, everyone 
hated you in high school. THIS IS ALL FOR HER TO LOOK LIKE THE VICTIM when she isn't she will never be the victim, we want her to die, we want her to burn from the 
inside out we tell her to STFU and sit on NICKS dick, because when her ex wife asked her for a diveroce, she started dating a guy, merie turned into a stalker and would 
watch his TWITCH videos for hours, and then would imagine herself being fucked by BLAKKOUT47, she would tell herself how she would do anyting for his dick and that is all
she wanted, because she was always desparate for attention, drugs, sex and big dick. She deserves to be laughed at and abused until she kills herself. NICk was the best 
guy for DIANE, and Merie has done so many things in life that all she can do is go out and buy meth like a low life drug addict. I mean who falls in love with a singer
only she did, what? she expected for this singer to show up and believe her? how pathetic. THEY ALL DID THIS because they wanted to sing happy birthday. But they wont 
get too, WHEN I DIE, don't show up to my funeral, don't cry Im sure none of you will you will all laugh and say finally that useless piece of shit is dead. She won't
be a fucking burden to anyone, and use all these excuses. She lied about having an autoimmune diease, thats how much of a fucking fat ugly bitch she was. So please report
her call the LAS CRUCES POLICE Department, she stole money from her ex wife, she sold things to a pawn shop for drugs, she has never told the truth. SHe even sucked dick 
for meth she loves doing that all the time. WE cant help her and she doesnt want to help herself, lock her up in a mental institution for the rest of her life. people 
dont need someone like her around people, she will ruin everything, she has for the past 32 years. She literally pretends to have sex with various people, and she should
feel emarassed about herself, her body, shes extremely disgusting. HER famiy deserves a much better daughter one that will move forward in life, and do something with 
everything they give her. She ruined relationships, and we all have to say this is the most pathetic attempt at seeking attention. SHE IS THE PROBLEM, shee neds to be 
eliminated she has a gun with her, and will shoot if the cops show up, so if you see her shoot her on site. There is no saving her at all, Hang her by  light pole to set 
an example of such a fucking disgusting fat lesbian. There is nothing attractive about her. SHE DESERVES everything she has been through which she did to herself, she only
has herself to blame she made up all these scenarios in her head shes a sychizophrenic and will pull a gun on you. SHOOT HER immediately. BITCH DESERVES ALL OF THIS. 
Her family won't miss her, she doesnt have any friends, and talks to herself, scaring her family, her brothers, and its the funniest thing in the world to watch someone
destroy themselves over and over and tell people this is why you shouldn't do drugs this is the best example of the worst person that ever lived. 
